Profiler docs (#13739)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilerinfo8-getdynamicfunctioninfo-method.md

api_type: 
  - "COM"
author: "davmason"
ms.author: "davmason"
---
# ICorProfilerInfo8::GetDynamicFunctionInfo Method
  
 Retrieves information about dynamic methods.
  
## Syntax  
  
```cpp
HRESULT GetDynamicFunctionInfo( [in]  FunctionID              functionId,
                                [out] ModuleID                *moduleId,
                                [out] PCCOR_SIGNATURE         *ppvSig,
                                [out] ULONG                   *pbSig,
                                [in]  ULONG                   cchName,
                                [out] ULONG                   *pcchName,
                                [out] WCHAR                   wszName[]);
```  
  
#### Parameters  
 `functionId`  
 [in] The ID of the function for which to retrieve information.  

 `moduleId`  
 [in] A pointer to the module in which the function's parent class is defined.  
  
 `ppvSig`  
 [out] A pointer to the signature for the function.  
  
 `pbSig`  
 [out] A pointer to the count of bytes for the function signature.
  
 `cchName`  
 [in] The maximum size of the `wszName` array.
  
 `pcchName`  
 [out] The number of characters in the `wszName` array.

>  `wszName`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `wszName` \
```

 [out] An array of `WCHAR` which is the name of the function, if one exists.
  
## Remarks  

>  Certain methods like IL Stubs or LCG do not have associated metadata that can be retrieved using the [IMetaDataImport](../metadata/imetadataimport-interface.md) and [IMetaDataImport2](../metadata/imetadataimport2-interface.md) APIs. Such methods can be encountered by profilers through instruction pointers or by listening to ICorProfilerCallback::DynamicMethodJITCompilationStarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Certain methods like IL Stubs or LCG do not have associated metadata that can be retrieved using the [IMetaDataImport](../metadata/imetadataimport-interface.md) and [IMetaDataImport2](../metadata/imetadataimport2-interface.md) APIs. Such methods can be encountered by profilers through instruction pointers or by listening to [ICorProfilerCallback8::DynamicMethodJITCompilationStarted](icorprofilercallback8-dynamicmethodjitcompilationstarted-method.md).
```

---
title: "ICorProfilerInfo8::GetDynamicFunctionInfo"
ms.date: "08/06/2019"
dev_langs: 
  - "cpp"
api_name: 
  - "ICorProfilerInfo8.GetDynamicFunctionInfo"
api_location: 
  - "mscorwks.dll"
api_type: 
  - "COM"
ms.assetid: dbdab3da-6177-4e15-b29b-33383e5e5544
author: "davmason"
ms.author: "davmason"
---
# ICorProfilerInfo8::GetDynamicFunctionInfo Method
  
 Retrieves information about dynamic methods.
  
## Syntax  
  
```cpp
HRESULT GetDynamicFunctionInfo( [in]  FunctionID              functionId,
                                [out] ModuleID                *moduleId,

>                                 [out] PCCOR_SIGNATURE         *ppvSig,

Author: We use it all over the metadata api and debugger api docs but I don't see it documented anywhere

>                                 [out] PCCOR_SIGNATURE         *ppvSig,

Reviewer: typedefs can be documented at <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/unmanaged-api/common-data-types-unmanaged-api-reference>.

>                                 [out] PCCOR_SIGNATURE         *ppvSig,

Reviewer: I'll open a PR to document the typedef, @davmason.
